README.md, before:

# Duo Frontend

## Description

Duo is a platform for exploring and learning about traditional Chinese calligraphy and paintings. You can browse artworks, artists, masterclasses, and professional services along with enquiry functionality and AI-powered artwork generation in traditional Chinese styles.

## MVP Features

- User Authentication: Simple JWT-based authentication
- Artist Showcase: Browse artist profiles and their works
- Artwork Gallery: Browse artworks
- Educational Content: View masterclasses, editorial content, AI playground
- Professional Services: View available art services
- AI Art Generation: Create custom AI-generated artworks in traditional Chinese styles
- Enquiry System: Submit enquiries about artworks, services or masterclasses

## Project Planning 

- Project planning link : https://trello.com/b/PiGHumDf/duo

## Back-end Github Repo 

- Back-end GitHub repo link : https://github.com/umeshroka/duo-backend

## Deployed App Link

- Deployed front-end project link : https://duo-frontend-dusky.vercel.app/

## Technologies Used

- **HTML + CSS + Javascript**: Frontend 
- **TailwindCSS**: CSS framework
- **Node.js & Express**: Backend & API framework
- **PostgreSQL & Supabase & Prsima ORM**: Database
- **Hugging Face API**: AI art generation
- **Cloudinary**: Media storage for artwork images and CDN

## Stretch Goals

- Real-time notifications/emails for enquires to admin
- Search functionality
- Multi-language support
- Admin dashboard and routes for content management (CRUD operations)
- User dashboard to view past enquiries and saved artworks

## Reflections

### Favourite Code

- AI playground: Code to create a full structured prompt and generate ai artwork
- Modal Context: To manage states for overlays for sign in/up and enquiries
- Tailwind CSS responsive design 

### Can do better

- Footer: add an about us page 
- Add more artists and make the artist list better, need to do research
- Artist details to improve css: add picture of media article, as well as the tabs
- About us, partner with us, join us, collaborate with us
- Render the text in the articles, artists, masterclasses, services better, - Button in services make it better for screen
- Playground: do only 1 calligraphy + art, add better prompts with educational content, tell user to save the art
- Add more editorial articles

Commit message:

feat: add about us page

README.md, after:

# Duo Frontend

## Description

Duo is a platform for exploring and learning about traditional Chinese calligraphy and paintings. You can browse artworks, artists, masterclasses, and professional services along with enquiry functionality and AI-powered artwork generation in traditional Chinese styles.

## MVP Features

- User Authentication: Simple JWT-based authentication
- Artist Showcase: Browse artist profiles and their works
- Artwork Gallery: Browse artworks
- Educational Content: View masterclasses, editorial content, AI playground
- Professional Services: View available art services
- AI Art Generation: Create custom AI-generated artworks in traditional Chinese styles
- Enquiry System: Submit enquiries about artworks, services or masterclasses

## Project Planning 

- Project planning link : https://trello.com/b/PiGHumDf/duo

## Back-end Github Repo 

- Back-end GitHub repo link : https://github.com/umeshroka/duo-backend

## Deployed App Link

- Deployed front-end project link : https://duo-frontend-dusky.vercel.app/

## Technologies Used

- **HTML + CSS + Javascript**: Frontend 
- **TailwindCSS**: CSS framework
- **Node.js & Express**: Backend & API framework
- **PostgreSQL & Supabase & Prsima ORM**: Database
- **Hugging Face API**: AI art generation
- **Cloudinary**: Media storage for artwork images and CDN

## Stretch Goals

- Real-time notifications/emails for enquires to admin
- Search functionality
- Multi-language support
- Admin dashboard and routes for content management (CRUD operations)
- User dashboard to view past enquiries and saved artworks

## Reflections

### Favourite Code

- AI playground: Code to create a full structured prompt and generate ai artwork
- Modal Context: To manage states for overlays for sign in/up and enquiries
- Tailwind CSS responsive design 

### Can do better

- Artist details to improve css: add picture of media article, as well as the tabs
- About us, partner with us, join us, collaborate with us: need to improve
- Render the text in the articles, artists, masterclasses, services better, - Button in services make it better for screen
- Playground: do only 1 calligraphy + art, add better prompts with educational content, tell user to save the art
- Add more editorial articles: change first one to better one
